Sir one building websites or do any kind of Colden in general.
One thing you want to try and avoid is retyping the same code over and over again.
So if you go into our home page we've got the facility section and we've used is a couple of times and
the website now sort of reuse the same code.
So we've got to own the front page.
If we also go down to the above was page were reused the same section on the bottom and it's also on
a four or four page it were created in the last video.
So any way we can reduce the amount of lines of code not subsite and make our website a little bit more
organized is to use the get template parts.
And it is basically just a section of our website which you put in its own file.
McCain then call it entwisle page just the same way as we do with the header and footer.
So to get the code for this section when I create a new page.
I'm going to call this the content hyphen facilities.
Doppie HP.
So let's start by going to the front page of our website.
And if I look for the facility section.
Which is is power here it's the div with the class or row on facilities.
So look for the close and rows argh.
So could this contain.
So could that making sure that you still leave the container in place and they're in the firewood just
created.
We can paste it in.
And then say that.
Then go back into the front page and in the same section that would just remove this content open of
the HP tags.
And then we use get underscore template underscore part.
And then in the brackets we use the name of the template that we just created.
So which content hyphen facilities.
So let's save that and head to the front page and see that work and okay.
So yes that's all there.
Just to show that it's pull it from the template.
It would make ace but a mistake there.
And then refresh you and I'll see that that's been removed as correct and save.
So copied this section of P HP and we'll do the same in the four or four page and the above was page.
So start with the page about.
Then look for the did with the class of facilities.
Then find in NE clause and wrote aag and delete this section.
Then paste in the BHB.
And the same with the four or four page.
So as a roll facilities.
Close and tigg.
Lee the.
And paste in the get template part.
Hit save.
So let's go to the website and see what's working so we know of from pages working now.
So let's go to the above was page.
And it's just a.
Is type in a address which we all recognize.
I will take it to four or four page and there's the silly section again at the bottom.
So we can use this weed any section of the website that you want.
Or if you create your own custom theme.
If you find that you create in the same page him all over and over again just put it in its own template
and pull it in we'd get template part.
I read it makes it website a lot more organized.
So that's it and I'll see in the next video we will create the custom template for the search page.